[Music]
Cutting Room comes with hundreds of
fonts to choose from you can also add
your own custom fonts to your Cutting
Room we support web open font format
open type and true type to start make
sure you have your font locally on your
computer then when you enter your
graphic you press on the font family
followed by custom here you press upload
on the bottom of the page If you
experience that nothing pops up when you
press upload you need to make sure that
the font is not packed in a zip file on
your computer you need to make sure you
extract the fonts from the zip file
first when you have done this try
[Music]
again then you will enter this page here
it is important that you check if the
information of the font is correct the
font family and the font face
most fonts is built up of multiple font
files this is the same font but with
different font faces or
variations when you upload them one by
one to Cutting Room they will merge
together into one font
family later you can select from the
different font faces when using your new
font